we want to underscore again that we're
coming to chicago peacefully but whether
we're giving permits or not
we're coming we're going to chicago to
protest the vietnam war
there's no place to be right now but in
it we watched for a decade while these
rebels without a job
tell us how to prosecute a war well
they're going to spend their 30s in a
federal facility
real time people say you know abby are
you concerned about an overreaction from
the cops
holy you're all right
it was until i saw that
are the people ready to make opening
arguments at the defense table
abby hoffman jerry rubin dave delger
ronnie davis lee weiner john freunds tom
hayden and bobby seale these defendants
had a plan
and the plan was to incite a riot i
called this portion of the trial
with friends like these my trials begun
without my lawyer the court assumes you
are
being represented by the black panther
sitting behind you
the riots were started by the chicago
police department sustained
nobody objected jurors 6 and 11 they're
with us
juror number six in juror number eleven
you're dismissed from this jury
can you tell us why because this is my
courtroom
we've dealt with jury tampering
wiretapping a defendant that was
literally gagged
you're the first to suggest that i have
discriminated against a black man
then let the record show that i'm the
second
but when we walked in him this morning
they were chanting that the whole world
is watching
if we leave here without saying anything
about why we came in the first place
it'll be heartbreaking
the last summer why did you come to the
convention to end the war
we're giving them exactly what they want
a stage and an audience
yeah you really think there's going to
be a big audience
this is what revolution looks like real
revolution we may have to hurt
somebody's feelings
is this prosecution politically
motivated and tired of hearing you
it would be impossible for me to care
any less
what you are tired of here
[Applause]
we have to find some courage now
how much is it worth you what's your
price to call off the revolution
my life open your eyes
the new day is dawning
[Music]
you